"To God belongs the future of the heavens and the earth, and all matters are controlled by Him. You shall worship Him and trust in Him. Your Lord is never unaware of anything you do." (Quran, 11:123)
“If you express gratitude, I shall certainly give you more, and if you are ungrateful, then My punishment is severe.” (Quran, 14:7)
“By time, surely man is in loss, save those who believe and do good deeds, and enjoin on each other truth, and enjoin on each other patience.” (Quran, 103:1-3)
“Indeed, Allah enjoins justice, and the doing of good to others, and giving like kindred, and forbids indecency, and manifest evil, and wrongful transgression. He admonished you that you may take heed.” (Quran, 16:91)
“Indeed, the worst of living creatures in the sight of Allah are the deaf and dumb who do not use reason.” (Quran, 8:22)
“Allah does not burden a soul beyond that it can bear.” (Quran, 2:286)
“Whoever puts his trust in Allah; He will be enough for Him.” (Quran, 65:3)
“Do not lose hope, nor be sad. You will surely be victorious if you are true believers.” (Quran, 3:139)
“No misfortune ever befalls except by permission of Allah. And whoever has faith in Allah - He will guide his heart. And Allah is Knowing of all things” (Quran, 64:11)
“O you who have believed, seek help through patience and prayer. Indeed, Allah is with the patient.” (Quran, 2:153)
“You may dislike something although it is good for you, or like something, although it is bad for you.” (Quran, 2:216)
“Do people think they will be left alone after saying ‘We believe’ without being put to the test?” – Qur’an (29:2)
Prophet Muhammad (SAW) said: “When Allah (SWT) desires good for someone, He tries him with hardships.” – Sahih al-Bukhari
“God does not change the condition of a people unless they change what is in themselves” – Qur’an (13:11)
"Never Give Up Hope." (Quran, 12:87) 
“So remember me and I will remember you..” (Quran, 2:152)
"Verily, Allah lets [a person] enjoy a blessing for as long as He wills. But when He is no longer thanked for it, He turns it into a punishment."
“Allah comes in between a person and his heart.” [Quran 8:24] 
"Turn to Allah and you will find His Mercy heal every aching part of your heart and soul. Allah will guide you, He will bring clarity to your eyes, make soft your heart and make firm your soul."
“So lose not heart, nor fall into despair, for you will be superior if you are true in faith” [Surah Al-Imran, 3:139].
“And Allah has sent down rain from the sky and given life thereby to the earth after its lifelessness. Indeed in that is a sign for a people who listen.” [Surah An-Nahl, 16:65]
“Your fate has been written with the ink of His love and sealed with His mercy so fear not, place your trust in Him and have hope in His decree.” 
“The bravest heart is the one that stays close to Allah, even, when it’s in pain.”
“Suffering is a gift. In it is hidden mercy.”
"When the world pushes you to your knees, you’re in the perfect position to pray."
“You must go through a period of emptiness to be able to fill yourself with Allah’s Love. Certainly, He is Al-Muqit, The Nourisher of hearts.” 
“For indeed, with hardship [will be] ease.” [Quran, 94:5]
“And those who have believed and done righteous deeds – We will surely assign to them Paradise [elevated] chambers beneath which rivers flow, wherein they abide eternally. Excellent is the reward of the [righteous] workers.” [Quran, 29:58]
“Allah can change the most hopeless situation into the best moment in your life.”
“In Him, hope is never dead. In Him, love is never lost.”
"If today you are facing hard times,Have faith and pray for a better tomorrow."
"If your problem is as big as a ship, never forget that Allah's blessings are as wide as an ocean."
"Allah did not promise Days without pain, Laughter without sorrow, Sun without rain. But he did promise: Strength for the day, Comfort for the tears, and light for our ways."
"If you will carry on the way guided by human, you will find a HOPELESS END. But if you will carry on the way guided by Allah, you will find an ENDLESS HOPE."