“Then remember Me; I will remember you. Be grateful to Me, and do not reject Me.” (Surah al-Baqarah, 2:152)
“… and be grateful to Allah, if it is Him you worship.” (Surah al-Baqarah, 2:172)
“We showed him (i.e. man) the way: whether he be grateful or ungrateful (rests on his will).” (Surah al-Insan, 76:3)
“And remember! Your Lord caused to be declared (publicly): ‘If you are grateful, I will add more (favours) unto you: but if you show ingratitude, truly My punishment is terrible indeed.” (Surah Ibrahim, 14:7)
“If you reject (Allah), truly Allah has no need of you; but He likes not ingratitude from His slaves; if you are grateful, He is pleased with you.” (Surah az-Zumar, 39:7)
“Muhammad is no more than a Messenger: many were the Messengers that passed away before him. If he died or were slain, will you then turn back on your heels? If any did turn back on his heels, not the least harm will he do to Allah, but Allah (on the other hand) will swiftly reward those who (serve Him) with gratitude.” (Surah Ale-Imran, 3:144)
“If anyone desires a reward in this life, We shall give it to him; and if anyone desires a reward in the Hereafter, We shall give it to him. And swiftly shall We reward those that (serve us with) gratitude.” (Quran, 3:145)
“If you are grateful, I would certainly give you more; and if you are ungrateful, My chastisement is truly severe.” (Quran, 14:7)
“Why should Allah punish you if you have thanked Him and have believed in Him. And Allah is Ever All-Appreciative (of good), All-Knowing.” (Quran, 4:147)
“And whatever of blessings and good things you have, it is from Allah.” (Quran, 16:53)
“… And if you should count the favors of Allah, you could not enumerate them.” (Quran, 14:34)
“And He gave you from all you asked of Him. And if you should count the favors of Allah, you could not enumerate them. Indeed, mankind is [generally] most unjust and ungrateful.” (Quran, 14:34)
…Anyone who is grateful does so to the profit of his own soul…” (Quran, 31:12)
“And it is He Who made the Night and the Day to follow each other: for such as have the will to celebrate His praises or to show their gratitude” (Quran, 25:62)
“It is He Who created for you (the faculties of) hearing, sight, feeling and understanding; little thanks it is ye give!” (Quran, 31:31)
“To be able to thank Allah is a blessing within itself.”
“As for those who believed and did righteous deeds, for them will be the Gardens of Refuge, as accommodation for what they used to do.” (Quran, 32:19)
“So remember me and I will remember you..” (Quran, 2:152)
“Know that thankfulness is from the highest of stations, and it is higher than patience, fear, and detachment of the world.” -Imam Al-Ghazali
"Nothing happens by chance. The little instances where someone helped you or brightened your day was a help from your Rabb who is taking care of you. Be conscious of who deserves your thanks in the first place." 
"Verily, Allah lets [a person] enjoy a blessing for as long as He wills. But when He is no longer thanked for it, He turns it into a punishment."
"I would rather be able to appreciate things I can not have than to have things I am not able to appreciate."