“And if there comes to you from Satan an evil suggestion, then seek refuge in Allah. Indeed, He is the Hearing, the Knowing.” [Quran, 41:36].
“Sell this life for the next and you win both of them. Sell the next life for this and you lose both of them.” [Hasan al-Basri].
“And He found you lost and guided [you]. And He found you poor and made [you] self-sufficient.” [Quran, 93:7-8].
“He knows what is in every heart.” [Quran, 67:13]
“So when you have made a decision, then put your trust in Allah” [Surah Ale-Imran : 159]
"And they planned and Allah also planned and Allah is the best of planners." [Quran 3:54]
“So when the Qur’an is recited, then listen to it and pay attention that you may receive mercy.” [Al-A’raf : 204].
“Allah still loves and shows mercy to those who disobey Him, so imagine how much He loves those who obey Him.”
"Things aren't always as they seem."
"Umm-e-moosa was told to throw her son in the river.Hazrat yusuf (a.s) was left to die in a well.Hazrat maryam delivered a child alone.Hazrat yunus (a.s) was swallowed by a fish.Hazrat ibrahim (a.s) was thrown in the fire.Yet look at how it turned out for them, in the end."
"Allah always has a better plan for us,Things may not start off too Well,But the ending is usually better than we expect."
"If today you are facing hard times,Have faith and pray for a better tomorrow."
"Miracles do happen when you seek guidance from Allah."
"Happy Moments - PRAISE ALLAH, Difficult Moments- SEEK ALLAH, Quiet Moments - WORSHIP ALLAH, Painful Moments - TRUST ALLAH, Moment By Moment - THANK ALLAH."
"If You Feel That The Distance Between You & ALLAH Has Increased... Remember..! ALLAH Has Not Moved.... Even An Inch...!!!!"
"If your problem is as big as a ship, never forget that Allah's blessings are as wide as an ocean."
"Verily, Allah does not look towards your bodies nor towards your appearances. But, he looks towards your hearts."
"Allah did not promise Days without pain, Laughter without sorrow, Sun without rain. But he did promise: Strength for the day, Comfort for the tears, and light for our ways."
"If you will carry on the way guided by human, you will find a HOPELESS END. But if you will carry on the way guided by Allah, you will find an ENDLESS HOPE."
"Pay attention to Allah and He will pay attention to you."




