"To God belongs the future of the heavens and the earth, and all matters are controlled by Him. You shall worship Him and trust in Him. Your Lord is never unaware of anything you do." (Quran, 11:123)
“If you express gratitude, I shall certainly give you more, and if you are ungrateful, then My punishment is severe.” (Quran, 14:7)
“By time, surely man is in loss, save those who believe and do good deeds, and enjoin on each other truth, and enjoin on each other patience.” (Quran, 103:1-3)
“Indeed, Allah enjoins justice, and the doing of good to others, and giving like kindred, and forbids indecency, and manifest evil, and wrongful transgression. He admonished you that you may take heed.” (Quran, 16:91)
“Indeed, the worst of living creatures in the sight of Allah are the deaf and dumb who do not use reason.” (Quran, 8:22)
“Allah does not burden a soul beyond that it can bear.” (Quran, 2:286)
“Whoever puts his trust in Allah; He will be enough for Him.” (Quran, 65:3)
“Do not lose hope, nor be sad. You will surely be victorious if you are true believers.” (Quran, 3:139)
“No misfortune ever befalls except by permission of Allah. And whoever has faith in Allah - He will guide his heart. And Allah is Knowing of all things” (Quran, 64:11)
“O you who have believed, seek help through patience and prayer. Indeed, Allah is with the patient.” (Quran, 2:153)
“You may dislike something although it is good for you, or like something, although it is bad for you.” (Quran, 2:216)
“Do people think they will be left alone after saying ‘We believe’ without being put to the test?” – Qur’an (29:2)
Prophet Muhammad (SAW) said: “When Allah (SWT) desires good for someone, He tries him with hardships.” – Sahih al-Bukhari
“God does not change the condition of a people unless they change what is in themselves” – Qur’an (13:11)
"Never Give Up Hope." (Quran, 12:87) 
“So remember me and I will remember you..” (Quran, 2:152)
"Change what you’re focusing on and you will feel a lot better. Don’t focus on what you lack but what you’re given."
"Verily, Allah lets [a person] enjoy a blessing for as long as He wills. But when He is no longer thanked for it, He turns it into a punishment."
"The more you appreciate what you have, the more you will be given by Him. The more you complain about what you don’t have, the more you’ll distance yourself from Him."
"Happiness is attained by three things: being patient when tested, being thankful when receiving a blessing, and being repentant upon sinning."
"Turn to Allah and you will find His Mercy heal every aching part of your heart and soul. Allah will guide you, He will bring clarity to your eyes, make soft your heart and make firm your soul."
“Suffering is a gift. In it is hidden mercy.”
"When the world pushes you to your knees, you’re in the perfect position to pray."
"If today you are facing hard times,Have faith and pray for a better tomorrow."
"If your problem is as big as a ship, never forget that Allah's blessings are as wide as an ocean."
"Allah did not promise Days without pain, Laughter without sorrow, Sun without rain. But he did promise: Strength for the day, Comfort for the tears, and light for our ways."






